Optimize user stories for errata (CQA) (#4962)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_prerequisites-for-installing-errata-on-hosts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="prerequisites-for-installing-errata-on-hosts"]
= Prerequisites for installing errata on hosts

[role="_abstract"]
Before you install errata on hosts, ensure the following prerequisites are met.

ifdef::satellite[]
* Synchronize repositories on {ProjectServer} with the latest errata available from Red{nbsp}Hat.
endif::[]
ifndef::satellite[]
* Synchronize repositories on {ProjectServer} with the latest errata available from upstream.

> endif::[]

Reviewer: note for @maximiliankolb: Introduce attribute for source of errata by Client OS

* Ensure errata are *installable*.

> Applicable errata have updates for packages on hosts, but you can install only errata included in the content view environment of the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applicable errata have updates for packages on hosts, but you can only install errata included in the content view environment of the host.
```

> If errata are applicable but not installable, create an incremental content view update and promote the content view to the lifecycle environment of the hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If errata are applicable but not installable, create an incremental content view update and promote the content view to the lifecycle environment of the host.
```

lines 16/18/19 are singular.

> If errata are applicable but not installable, create an incremental content view update and promote the content view to the lifecycle environment where the hosts are assigned.

Reviewer: I am unsure about "where the hosts are assigned". Maybe "to the LE of the hosts."?

Author: I like it, it's shorter.
```suggestion
If errata are applicable but not installable, create an incremental content view update and promote the content view to the lifecycle environment of the hosts.
```
